The mouth cannot speak what the mind does not leak. Tomorrow, you’ll lead your friends to the spot, but say its location, you shall not.
No common brudda ever knows the pain of the flower as it grows.
When surfers don’t ride, potatoes ain’t fried.
More barbecue for us brudda.
Just because you can afford the modern longboard, doesn’t mean you can honor the moving water.
If you’re walking on a beach, and you step on a crab, even if you didn’t mean to, you should go back and apologize. After all, that crab could be in your soup later on.
The coconut, though hard and brown, in the spring gives milk to the sand, after being kissed by the green water.” 
The most important races are won in the ocean of the soul.
Sometimes, the bird sings, sometimes it coughs up a worm.
Sometimes, it’s best to trust the weight of experience, and I’ve got plenty of experience!
Fly the kite; it must not fly you.
There is no I in the word team.
Some days, your brudda might need your shirt — dry cleaned, wrinkled or stained — you gotta give it to them, because some day brah, you might need theirs.
Don’t do the crime, if you can’t do the time.
The bird that flies alone, is the goose that gets cooked.
The coconut is always sweeter on the palm tree you can’t reach.
Lie about the size, I can see it in your eyes.
The seagull that flies a crooked path, has a tough time returning home.
When you’re itching for the waves, the only lotion is the ocean.
When the sea turtle retreats into its hardened shell, just give him time – he’ll show up, especially when there’s teriyaki barbecue chicken.
He who carves himself in stone, has rocks in his head.
Blood is thicker than water, but not as refreshing.
The sands of the beach must change with each new wind.
 The pelican can fly as high as the stars, if she believes she can.
You can’t compare pineapples and coconuts.
Once a pineapple is ripe, it’s very hard to make it a seed again.
The village of a chief who won’t forget the past, may as well forget about the future.
If your lingo’s cool and freaky, then everybody will want to speaky… It.
The green pineapple never falls from the tree by accident.
The sun cannot drink its favorite pineapple in the field.
Man who’s always watching for fallen coconut ends up stubbing toe.
A crashing wave may thrill the breath, but can’t replace the ocean depth.
He who rubs his enemy’s face in the sand, gets buried in the sand with him.
He who is on the canoe is responsible for the journey, whether he has a paddle or not.
Sometimes a pineapple wishes it was a coconut.
Never drink the milk from a coconut you found in the dark.
Some coconuts have thicker shells than others.
Every wave has to come to the shore at some point.
You can paint the coconut shell, but you can’t change the milk inside.
A coconut is a hard nut to crack. Then again, it takes something hard to crack the coconut.
Don’t bite the head off a piranha or you might get chewed.
Inside every rotten pineapple, there may be a pearl.
Sometimes the tastiest coconut is found on the shortest tree.
Hold the pickle.
If there is anyone in the village who can understand why the new chief made the mistake of planting coconuts near the volcano, it’s the old chief.
But first, I think you need to figure that one out for yourself.
The only real spooky stuff, is spooky stuff, that is real spooky.
Just ’cause you’re riding the high tide, doesn’t mean you’ve chosen the right course
Man who tries to predict when volcano will blow, is usually toast by next day.
He who misses the tide, must wait for the next moon.
A wise man cherishes today because tomorrow he could meet the fiery end at the bottom of a volcano.
